* 01 technologies
Custom software and web app solutions for you and your enterprise

* At 01 technologies we work with you as true partners to understand your business processes and
build software solutions tailored to your specific needs. We make sure that the solutions we
provide are perfectly matched to your preferences, as well as long-term and short-term business
goals. Providing quality solutions and services is our backbone.

* Most Popular Services
Custom software : Complete software solutions born only from your unique needs to take you
and your organization to the next level.
Mobile app : Impressive smartphone and tablet solutions to boost your mobile existence and
impact your smart growth.
Web development : Whether you need to build a custom web page from scratch, migrate your
legacy backend, or streamline existing front-end functionality, we can accomplish that efficiently
and cost-effectively.

* Our vision: Empower every business with uniquely tailored software
* Our mission: Be a trusted technology partner in business process automation

* Our values

Quality: The high-quality final product and customer satisfaction are the only standards for
measuring our success. This is why we apply the expertise and integrity of our software
engineers to provide quality software solutions. In the process of building our software, we
emphasize the control over operations, risk minimization and the latest methodologies and
technology trends to guarantee you the best value for your money.

Efficiency: As a team, we share and value collaboration, creativity, dedication, and perfection. A
skillful, professional and well-organized team is the key to developing high-quality products, so
our team is our core value. We motivate and reward our team for their investment and
commitment, creating a friendly, open and trusting relationship. Our professionals' ideas are
heard, and they are given the freedom and motivation to create.

Result: We have an open and transparent relationship with our customers. Together with our
experts, they form one team that shares a general goal. Even though our development team
supervises the main development processes, we want our clients to become part of the project,
and feel the inner culture of 01 technologies. It might be hard, but it helps us reach the higher
level of understanding and ultimately find the best solutions for your specific needs.

Our clients 
The reason we have acquired so many clients over the years is in our approach to deliver
enhanced and holistic solutions ensuring the best possible outcome for our customers.

* Why us
We provide a flexible, affordable and end-to-end solution with further support and maintenance.
Our team joins your development processes at any stage, whether it's consulting, development
or support.
Our development team is passionate about staying ahead of the technology curve and utilizing
the newest tools.
We can work with virtually any technology stack, from HTML to C# and everything in between
and out of that.
Our all-inclusive business software solutions can also scale as large as you require.
No matter the platform or programming language, we can accommodate your needs.

* Serving the Largest Industries, and beyond
Legal, health care , finance, entertainment

* How we can help you and your enterprise
We build to the specific needs of your enterprise: With our website and software made for you , a
direct relationship is established between you and us. We can adapt to your requirement
changes more easily and collaborate with you on making your program the best it can be. The
software is yours alone; it belongs to you and there’s no other one like it.

Your data are more secure against external threats: Our tailored programs we build for you, is
more secure and harder for hackers to infiltrate, because it’s only used within your organization.
Hackers see no point attacking bespoke software when they can access software shared by
multiple companies.

We increase your productivity: We developing programs designed to meet your needs, your team
will be more confident and perform tasks faster and more efficiently.

Long lasting maintenance: You own the application and can do anything you wish with it.

Scalability: Businesses constantly grow; that’s the whole point of starting them in the first place.
Our software and website is developed with all the changes in mind. Your programs
professionally developed; evolves as you and your company grows.

Support: You and your enterprise also get a dependable technical support team that was
involved in the development process of your application. They are familiar with your software and
can handle any issues that arise along the way.

If you are looking for a career growth and the next step toward success, 01 technologies is the
right place for you!
Apply to career@01technologies.com now and become a technologist!
