Serving the Largest Industries, and beyond
Legal Software Development Services 
We help professionals at law firms and law departments manage the business elements with innovative web and mobile solutions.
01 technologies offers litigation tools and software products for document management, time and billing management, matter management, client analysis, legal holds and more. The solutions we provide include but are not limited to the followings:
Firm Management Solutions Document Management Software Practice Management Software Litigation Portfolio Management Solutions
Firm management solutions User and client portals, collaboration tools, call, web, and video conferencing. Client “self-help” tools that allow clients to perform tasks directly that previously required active participation by firm lawyers. Calendaring and docketing applications to coordinate with court dates, track billable time, automate billing functions, track expenses, schedule tasks, and set reminders. Legal billing applications including custom fee schedules (hourly, flat fee, split fee, contingency, transactional, and user-defined), custom billing rates, automated time capture from the calendar, documents, tasks, and more. Bill preparation applications including low retainer fee notifications, plus payment methods integration including credit, debit, and payment gateways. General ledger applications including electronic IRS tax preparation, financial reporting, client account balances, audit trails, and Interest On Lawyer Trust Accounts (IOLTA) accounting features.
Practice Management Software Practice Management Software is an efficient and readily usable knowledge management system that provides lawyers with ready access to the firm’s prior work product. Custom legal software development for practice management, case or matter management, e-discovery, courtroom, and Virtual Law Office (VLO) systems. Centralized databases for all practice management functions including client information, document management, scheduling, calendaring, docketing, time tracking, billing, and accounting. We program access management using Role-Based Access Controls (RBAC), user provisioning, encryption protocols, etc.
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
● ●
Document Management Software Document review software using predictive coding based on a “seed sample” of documents provided by firm lawyers. Courtroom technology including modules for case history, jury management, subpoena tracking, trial presentations, administrative hearings, appeal boards, deposition management, court reporting. Data identification, preservation, collection, processing, review, production processes and workflows for analyzing Electronically Stored Information (ESI) sources. Legal hold software including custodian identification, interviews, hold notifications and reminders, compliance portals, and other features.
Litigation Portfolio Management Solutions Monitor the progress of matters, resource commitments, and budget status in real time on a matter basis. Secure client portals for direct importing of client data, documents, and case or matter files. Case or matter management applications including workflow automation, database search, database import and export, conflict checking, plus support for multiple file formats, file attachments, e-mail correspondence, integrations, and sharing functions. Case or matter management platforms with legal research databases. Client analysis and case analytics features including sophisticated analysis and visualization tools, profitability results calculation into lawyer evaluation and compensation process, automation of reporting, re-analyzing and re-presenting data.
Healthcare Software Development Services Raise your business quality and reduce operating costs by creating a unique healthcare software solution with us.
We offer a full package of consulting, designing and development services to create cuttingedge technology solutions for your healthcare world while perfectly meeting your unique business needs. Our solution helps to handle the risk while the software and your data go through a proper verification and validation. Our experts deliver a solution which is unique with its usability, reliability, and productivity, ensuring there are no constraints on your business processes and workflows. Our software increases the efficacy and accessibility of healthcare services. We provide the necessary tools for any emergency situation.
01 technologies considers all regulatory requirements and delivers systems that are secure and fully compliant with HIPAA, CCHIT, and other compulsory standards and regulations.
Companies We Serve
● ● ● ●
●
Hospitals and Health Care Providers Medical Device Manufactures Biotechnology companies Laboratories Health Insurance Providers Pharmaceutical Companies Technology Vendors Contract Research Organization
Grow Your Business With The Solutions We Provide In Healthcare Industry
EMR/EHR 01 technologies-built Electronic Medical Record (EMR) solution allows the patient information to be shared within one healthcare organization, whereas Electronic Health Record (EHR) solution enable health-related records sharing across multiple organizations. Our expert team builds and assists in EHR system integration with sophisticated features through which you can quickly create, store and organize electronic medical records, including patient charts, electronic prescriptions, lab orders and evaluations, also access patient demographic information, clinical data, medical billing, and much more. 01technologies uses industry-accepted formats, standards, and protocols to ensure that your new solution is seamlessly integrated with your software and hardware products, be it your practice management system, external laboratory system, insurance provider system, or your medical equipment. Our experience includes integration with already existing EHRs (through their Web service APIs or using HL7 (Health Level 7) or DB schema).
Our EHR solutions cover the essential areas based on Meaningful Use regulations, including: Patient records management (demographic and medical data) Office visit management and scheduling E-Prescribing External laboratory and EMR integration by supporting multiple medical formats (HL7, CCD, CCR, etc.) Reporting system, etc.
Medical billing 
We develop software solutions that support electronic eligibility and benefits verification by smoothly integrating with billing systems. With this solution, you will know the exact amount to charge the patient and rest assured that the insurance claim will not be rejected. Our team enables to handle all the operations in compliance with ANSI 5010 standards which will also 
● ● ● ● ● ● ●
increase the usefulness of transactions, such as referrals and authorization. We also use National Correct Coding Initiative (NCCI) industry accepted tools for minimizing coding and billing errors. Our medical claim review programs include MR, NCCI Edits, MUEs, CERT, and Recovery Audit Program.
Our expertise covers all XML/EDIFACT transactions for implementing: Medical billing text files decoding Capitation computation Eligibility and benefits verification (in real-time or by batch) Claims submission and status inquiry Paper claims Payments and transactions management Patients statements generation and management
Custom Software for Pharmaceuticals and Biotech Companies
We offer technologies to use Artificial Intelligence solutions, employing data visualization and analytics to facilitate and accelerate the discovery process, conducting your research faster at a lower cost. 01technologies-built custom software solutions are tailored to assist you in your day-to-day operations, sales and marketing efforts and in R&D projects. Our CRM solution helps to engage and influence potential customers within your network instantly, gather instant feedback and integrate with other systems including Medical Billing Solutions, Laboratory Information Management System, etc. We offer data analytics and visualization automation tools and lab workflow management systems to facilitate drug R&D.
Electronic Prescription
The solution is an e-Prescribing system that stores the data about patients' biometrics, allergies, prescriptions and helps generate electronic orders based on it. This solution simplifies prescriptions and minimizes medication errors.
Patient Engagement Portals
With a user-friendly and cyber-secure Patient Engagement Portal patients can check their lab results, ask for prescription refills, share their medical data with a physician or access all relevant medical data when preparing for a doctor's appointment and much more. Meanwhile, hospitals can engage with patients through Patient Mobile Apps, communicate with them through voice, text or app notifications. Hospitals may receive patient responses and send them Patient Satisfaction Questionnaires or Polls, uploading the data into any analytics software. In the US, patient portal implementation is among the required core objectives for Meaningful 
● ● ● ● ●
Use Stage 2. Without a portal, hospitals cannot qualify for incentive payments. In the UK, the government insists that general practices make records available to patients and encourage them to access these records more actively.
Practice Management Systems (PMS)
PMS is to automate clients' operations, to streamline the most critical processes and to improve operational efficiency with minimal resources. Solution functions include appointment scheduling algorithms, task management systems, patient check-in web/mobile apps and other automation tools.
Hospital Management
A comprehensive suite of solutions to help streamline operations, reduce costs, and improve healthcare (Patient Registration, Ward and Bed Management, Electronic Medical Record (EMR), Lab and Radiology Information Systems, Purchasing, Drug/Pharmacy Management, Material Management/Inventory, Billing and Collections, Enterprise Analytics). Any solution we build can have a mobile version or a complementary mobile app. Some Health apps require FDA clearance in which we have long expertise. Our team has experience in building iOS and Android apps, syncing them with the cloud and integrating them with third-party APIs.
Laboratory Information Management (LIM)
We build HIPAA and CCHIT compliant LIM systems to thoroughly support your lab's workflow. Our experience in LIM systems for blood banks, anatomic and clinical pathology laboratories, as well as for various kinds of lab tests including microbiology, clinical biochemistry, cytopathology, cytogenetic, and molecular genetics, enables us to support you with any inquiry connected with Laboratory Information Management. We offer integration with lab instruments and other hardware in laboratories to have access to medical test results from your system within seconds, and to share it with the patient and the doctor instantly. LIM systems can automate laboratory processes including: Data input Quality control Customized reporting Utilization of remote access for patient outreach Other personalized features specific to your needs
Financial Software Development Services Choose performance, adaptability, and rock-solid reliability.
●
● ●
Our ability to quickly scale up the processes across the entire system allows financial institutions to promptly respond to external and internal changes, such as mergers and acquisitions, management, and staffing changes, or interest rate fluctuations.
[We understand that you operate with strict regulations and are under constant pressure to achieve ever tighter operational efficiency. 01 technologies superior security, designed postSarbanes Oxley, allows keeping pace with ever-changing competitive and regulatory environments. Our expertise in financial compliance management and reporting eliminates the need to rely on other systems to aggregate the data needed for the statutory reporting.]
We are Specialized in Most Trending Financial and Banking Development Services
FIX Integration
Financial service entities are investing heavily in optimizing electronic trading and employing direct market access (DMA) to transact in a cost-efficient manner and increase their speed to financial markets. Minimizing the trade cost and keeping latency low, requires an understanding of the Financial Information Exchange Protocol (FIX). We offer you our vast experience in integrating means of electronic trade-communication and security requirements to many order management and trading systems.
Portfolio Management
Portfolio management and investment analysis is the art of examining your current spread of investments to determine how effective the ratio and policies are in achieving your specific goals. It balances your risk level against the performance of various stocks, bonds, funds, and other types of investments to efficiently allocate the money you are interested in investing. Whether you are an individual looking to manage your financial portfolios, a professional money manager, a trader, a financial advisor, a portfolio manager, a hedge fund manager, or a broker, staying on top of investment portfolio management leaves you one step ahead of the rest of the field. For tracking and managing multiple portfolios for yourself or your clients, including numerous IRAs, 401(k) and investment portfolio accounts, brokerage trading accounts, stocks, bonds, fixed assets, derivatives, high yielding savings accounts, international assets, structured instruments, etc., you'll need a top investment portfolio management software program to stay on top of it all.
Key Features of Portfolio Management Systems developed by Margasoft: Multiple Portfolio Views: asset allocations, geographic regions, sectors, performance comparisons Import transaction capability from banks and brokerage accounts Cost basis tracking
● ● ● ● ● ●
● ●
●
Capital gains/loss estimates Brokerage accounts “What if” analysis Technical analysis - stochastics, RSI, trend analysis, moving averages Stock Purchases Stock sales and many others
Trading Solutions
Automated trading systems are becoming more and more popular among professional traders, fund managers, and individual investors alike. Bigger enterprise players continue to invest in more sophisticated trading, algorithmic trading, and high-frequency trading as those platforms can execute orders at speeds and magnitude more significant than any human equivalent. Apparently, the success of the overall system depends on how well the rules perform. High volumes of trades could delay historical data series delivered by exchanges. Therefore, intraday and end-of-day data availability and quality are critical to strategic success. Another crucial point in quantitative data mining is quick access to historical data series. When developed and appropriately deployed, a trading system increases efficiency, manages risks and most importantly increases your profits per trade. Our knowledge of trading and successful implementation of custom data mining platforms for large volume high-frequency data logging brings additional benefits for those firms who use quantitative data analysis in trading. 01 technologies also has an experience in building effective back-testing and forward testing systems that optimize the results obtained both with the historical and real-time market data.
Order Management Systems
With well-designed Order management systems (OMS’s) you'll facilitate and manage the order execution of securities, typically through the FIX protocol. OMS's allow you to input (change, cancel and update) orders to the system for routing to the pre-established destinations. OMSs developed by 01 technologies provide multi-asset functionality for both buy-side and sell-side and fully automate order fulfillment cycle.
Order Management Systems developed by 01 technologies allow to: Place orders, process drop, shipments, and amend existing orders from a single domain View transactions and order statuses live while maintaining order history for future upselling and reporting Calculate minimum order quantities and thresholds, based on previous order history and current inventory data
●
●
Automatically update the state of an executed order and send an execution report to the order's originating firm Direct market access and algorithmic trading functionalities for a sell-side
Media & Entertainment Software Development Services Designing, developing and supporting solutions that help you succeed.
Whether you’re a publication and advertising house, music company, broadcaster, cinematography house, casino or any other type of Media and Entertainment business, we provide solutions specifically designed to manage the challenges faced in your industry. Our cutting-edge technology keeps up with evolution in the media sector.
We Offer a Package of Benefits, so You Can: Maintain current revenue streams Reduce costs and increase flexibility Get a detailed analytics and reporting
Boost Your Business with Solutions We Provide in Media and Entertainment Industry!
Sales and Analyses Measurement
To continue thriving in the competition of new technology era, we build solutions that can help you have a better approach to content distribution, engage an audience, measure sales and automate business processes. Big data analytics solution will be implemented, as well. Sales and Analyses measurement solutions are especially critical for publishing, marketing, advertising, and sport analytics businesses.
Digital Content Streaming
Streaming content to any device and anywhere is the new reality. We help to create professional webcasts with live streaming production solution which allows combining multiple live video cameras, movies, computer desktops, audio tracks, images and titles for the live webcast or ondemand broadcast. You can also create video tutorials and demos with screen recording and video editing solutions which simultaneously capture screen activity, video camera, microphone and computer audio allowing you to edit your records and publish final videos to websites or weblogs. 
●
●
●
Our Digital content streaming solution also offers social engagement apps for broadcasters, synchronized ad tools, and simultaneous content distribution solutions.
Gaming and Betting
The world is moving online, and if you don't want to get left behind, you need a unique Gaming custom solution. We provide security solution with the best interface and actionable buttons in the gaming and betting community. Our flexible solution maximizes player spend and game revenue while minimizing operational costs. Our expertise in developing complex systems allows us to build predictive analytics apps for casinos, mobile betting and gambling apps, smartwatch apps, and not only.
Production Management & Automation
Having your production system anywhere you are, and on any device, you work with is vital, but keeping it safe is of higher importance. We give a full solution of production office automation, including system security, document watermarking, file permissions customization, and not only. 01technologies-built solution provides one secure archival library for all your production documents in an easily searchable platform that both serves as a communication catalog and supports corporate compliance across almost every department in your organization. Real-time production updates will keep you informed of any changes and new tasks via your dashboard with email and mobile options. We provide a solution which reduces physical storage costs.
Movie Screenwriting, Scheduling and Budgeting
Movie making is becoming much more comfortable and funnier with enterprise customized solution. Now screenwriting, scheduling and budgeting can be used from one cloud-based portal in accordance with users’ roles. Screenwriting tool formats movies, television, novels, stage plays and comic books scripts. You can create your stories with templates or customize your ones, navigate and format them to get your stories from concept to screen. Scheduling may cause either a victory or a loss to your production. With the Margasoft solution, you won’t need to follow your tasks manually, as you’ll have a smart answer, which will automatically schedule your activities and notify you. Budgeting software is essential for an ethical decision making. Margasoft-built customized software solution is built to face the complex and demanding issues of Media and Entertainment industry. We’ll help you create and compare budgets for multiple locations, view from varying perspectives, and estimate incentives for productions of all sizes.